# Testnet Disclaimer

During the initial development cycle for Spacemesh, a research and development phase is being deployed and this includes the soft release of the Spacemesh Testnet (the "Testnet"). The Testnet is designed to test the Spacemesh protocols and software prior to release of the Spacemesh Mainnet and the Spacemesh cryptocurrency and to perform security and code audits and testing of the Spacemesh software and protocols. The Testnet may include one or more software releases (Testnet software), released over a long period of time.

The Testnet software includes, but not limited to, the Spacemesh Desktop App which must be installed on user’s computer in order to join the Testnet, Spacemesh go-spacemesh full node, or other software available from one of the Spacemesh open source code repositories and any other Testnet-related web service available by the Company such as a Testnet explorer, and a Testnet dashboard. By using or installing the Testnet, you agree to these terms and acknowledge and agree that Spacemesh is a highly-experimental software and is at a very early stage of development and that the installation and use of the Testnet is entirely at your sole risk.

All content provided on the Testnet is provided on an ‘as is’ and ‘as available’ basis, without any representations or warranties of any kind and all implied terms are excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law. The Spacemesh Desktop App includes a software updater feature that is opt-in by default. Spacemesh may push multiple updates to an installed app at any time, and the app may update automatically. User hereby agrees to such feature.

No party involved in, or having contributed to the development of, the Testnet, including but not limited to Unruly Technologies Ltd. (“Company”) or any of its affiliates, directors, employees, contractors, open source contributors, service providers or agents (the parties Involved) accept any responsibility or liability to users or any third parties in relation to any materials or information accessed or downloaded via the Testnet. The user acknowledges and agrees that the parties Involved are not responsible for any damage to the user’s computer systems, loss of data, or any other loss or damage resulting from use of the Testnet.

You acknowledge and agree that you have an adequate understanding of the risks associated with use of the Testnet and that all information and materials published, distributed or otherwise made available on the Testnet are provided for non-commercial, personal use only. Note that the cryptocurrency (“Testnet Smesh”) is “monopoly money” without any real world value and is provided for the purpose of testing only. Testnet Smesh may be accepted in the Testnet merchandise store in accordance with the applicable store terms. Users may lose their Testnet Smesh at any time. The wallet feature of the application is not secure and should not be used as a secure crypto keys storage. You acknowledge and agree that as part of the use of the Testnet, you are committing some of the free space on your hard-drive for the purpose of participating in testing of the Spacemesh decentralized consensus protocol and software.

With respect to any rewards program offered as part of the Testnet framework, such programs may change at any time and it may be necessary to perform a KYC/AML procedure in order to claim a reward according to the reward program rules and terms. All approval requirements will be announced prior to the end of the reward program. The participants in this phase are aware that they may not receive the rewards if the KYC/AML procedures are not approved. You should consult your own attorney, financial advisor, tax advisor or accountant as to the legal, financial, tax, accounting, or other related implications of the receipt of any rewards hereunder.
